Oh guys just doing a quick tutorial on
USA stop by and just a regression in the
game so not a usual tutorial or a cast
I'm basically just going to do a
tutorial while I'm playing it as I think
this game went pretty well for me so I
went the assault squad on regular squad
by as for usually by it's straight away
I was a bit delayed there because of the
lag but you should buy it as soon as
possible then double right click on the
flag you need to go to and that will be
the flag
if you spawn on the right in this map
you go to the flag obviously in the
middle there which is the same distance
to the enemy spawn from that flag so
whoever gets there first gets to be in a
position of ambush so it's imperative
you need to just get there as quick as
possible also remember to cap your back
flag while you go over it over here so
as the USA team I do prefer the regular
squad to the assault squad most of the
time because of the m1 Garands and the
BA are pretty good as well compared to
the Germans I definitely like it because
of the M on your hands and I also go
single rifleman just to get a bit more
numbers in the initial shoot ups and
they will basically tie me down to till
they get the kill the enemy can get
another assault squad but he comes as a
bike it's when you fight the bike it's
got a prone straight away and start
focused firing even direct controlling
your mg to try take it out and see if
you can flank it double the grenadiers
well just below that little incline
there you can see that guys they're just
ready to throw a grenade when when he
gets the chance
but in d2 PGA they're just a bit too
confident started charging in I should
have just sent some infantry down first
so this you need with the bike you did
basically just need some infantry around
to help with the division of fire if the
whole squads firing at the bike the bike
has no chance basically especially the
m1 Garands so placing down my defenses
because in this map here there isn't any
sort of color
and spirit funny this is right-clicking
that China get the kill off and there's
an assault squad leader there South good
leader should definitely be on the open
that's a mistake I picked up there he's
certain shouldn't be out in the open
like that share a clear view view and be
safe behind commit the assault school is
actually should have been right there
that was the most important factor in
that engagement so my ela here the teams
are balanced as well got one you new
player on my team and they have three
great good players in their team now I
got demon heart too so it's pretty good
too so it's a balanced team game we've
got so now I've kind of got the center I
know that my eyes are gonna be
overwhelmed so I'm gonna try thank the
left hand side so making efficient use
of my tubes now this is what most
players don't do even the good players
really helping allies and making
efficient use always having your trips
doing something and doing the damage
otherwise it just be sitting back doing
nothing so I've got decent defense there
enough for me so I'm gonna just help my
ally here try to push Greek off the
center from demon heart just so I just
so we can relax a bit or even push up
for the wrap will help my ally on the
left hand side here so being aggressive
is as it is very very important in my
opinion to actually you have to actually
really win the game and be a carrier of
your team so now I'm pushing up here
just because I helped him ready so just
trying to finish up his forces so I seen
our two - - since DT a 20 minute type
weapon you have to get the hell out of
there and I'm basically that's how you
do the mood tree combat that's another
thing you must realize that a two two
two twenty million fifty killer means
death
so getting the hell out there so I'm
thinking I can't fight there so this is
a gonna heal here so I'm just gonna run
down here and assault this way stop
Greek from coming to the center because
it's who's up here to do will have to
come all the way down to actually
counter me so to take me out over here
from it's gonna be too hard for him to
reverse spaces it'll be annoying so I'm
coming all the way here making efficient
use of my troops if I just stayed on my
flag there I would've been useless with
a tutu now because I have troops over
here I'm still in the fight making
efficient you
and destroying or stopping Greek from
coming to the center almost on the right
hand side here is two teachers quite
useless and in fact at least two twos
are useless versus m 20s basically
today's a bad bye guys all you is one
veterans he thinks the Tutsi was really
good now it's not because the m20
counters it some reason 180 m p2 to 220
and P basically 230 I think sorry I'm
sorry it's 240 now 240 MP so the m20 can
max range the to torrential rains don't
bite it is in altitude to here but great
to use the bike to tradition is one and
I'm like I'm too comfortable with my
half-track term I am 20 funny thing the
tutu cannot destroy the m20 maximum
range while the m20 can't destroy it at
maximum rain so take a 50/50 is just for
bad pies there knowing this is a silly
thing a balance that I don't know why
they don't fix I've told them many times
this is why - these are useless and
that's the whole point of it I don't
understand why they're not doing it
that's fine by me I'm not the maker of
the game I'll let them do whatever they
want but that's just a thing I suggested
and you can see there it is quite
overpowered a counter killing countless
again the bazooka in 20 say you can see
only because of the p3 they're just
getting some defense in case the piece
here comes charging up I can take it out
and that's pretty much for the game ends
and it crashes so would it mean a good
castles gonna cast the whole game but I
was thinking now because Greek crashed
I'll just have to do it as a start
tutorial so hopefully that gives you
some insight
basically of the three things I thought
that was good to pick up in here's the
start I just told you you start player
you'll say how to do with the bicycle
also how to be aggressive and how to
make efficient use of your troops when
you countered by a two to two and
helping your allies is the main things
in this video